live um I prefer to do this live but the
thing is I think with our schedules it's
not going to be easy to do that so I
think what we're going to do is we're
going to start looking at bets probably
Enduro maybe blastar we'll
see um I haven't done a full code
review
welcome I don't know what your comment
is
but
um okay
it I'm trying to think what the best way
to do this is cuz I already merged the
code I guess I guess I'll just like the
main point of this is just to show bet
like stuff maybe he can improve and find
anything that's free within Duro um so
why don't we just go right to the main
okay so this is the environment that
we're going to be reviewing it's best
implementation of Enduro uh this is
already merged it already has a
superhuman policy uh it's just I
promised him a thorough code review of
this cuz there's a lot of stuff in here
uh the implementation is at least twice
as long maybe three times as long as I
expected it to be so it could just be
that I dramatically underestimated the
complexity of this environment but it
could Al just be that there's a bunch of
redundant stuff or whatnot so I'm going
to try to figure out if I can get a
handle on this this
morning um and then after this probably
will'll merge blastar that's other
environment that's been in
development uh and then we'll see from
there so this runs very nicely as is
let's start with the the C
file got about 108 lines
we've also got this nice perf
Bolton so bets uro is plenty fast
from what it
seems 3 million steps per second on One
Core that is
plenty and this is with random
actions get inut yeah so this should all
be
fine and the only memory leaks he has
are these are like standard rib
dependency leaks you can't do anything
about these as far as I'm
aware let's go back to
this and let's just look stalis so we
makes
M okay so we setting specific properties
here
is uh we will I'm not shipping meme
coins yeah we're not doing
that are you creating an environment I
currently just code reviewing uh this
contributed environment by bet he made
this nice Port of
Enduro does this work hold
on this is the environment that we're
looking at here you can actually play
this in uh see this on puffer doai right
now it's also just locally here as you
can see in puffer lib and we're just
going to go through all the code for
this and I'm going to give him feedback
and I'm going to see if I agree with the
way that he's written it um this is just
one of the things that I do for
contributors who are primarily here like
trying to learn how to do stuff see if I
see any room for improvement in the
like Okay so
um this thing that he did here is
fine I don't know I generally like to do
to do
allocate yeah and this is open to
literally anybody that uh contributes
environments molten so if you have a
programming background and and are
interested in RL um we have like lots of
people that just show up and build cool
stuff all the time and uh the
environments get merged into puffer and
you learn a bunch of cool LL stuff along
the way and now I'm starting to onboard
some of those people onto the science
side of puffer Li efforts as
well okay so he just has this
seated and reset
let's get input functions a little
weird uh he should not need this for a
perf
test that's kind of
Bizarro right why would you be getting
user input in a perf
test make the fast version
H it's actually even a little bit
faster uh when you're not doing that
redundant input checking okay and you
get this random action and then you call
step and then you
demo code should be very similar loads
in weights makes
network uh same thing as before this
really is not required but I tend to
like this
syntax so I use it where I
can um allocate make the
[Music]
client seeding it differently is kind of
funky but whatever
in running equals
1 okay so this is just
bizarre
like why would you do
right still works
esape still works so I have no idea why
you would do that Loop there rl's always
been intimidating so cool to learn RL
began programming by automating games
for fun with pi Auto [ __ ] so automating
games is really interesting yeah I mean
drop by the Discord it's just discord.gg
puffer um pretty much the way it works
is I suggest that new contributors you
just show up and build a little test
environment either something you're
interested in building or you know we
come up for with ideas for you of stuff
we want to see built um you build a
little test environment you go through
the process of getting a RL policy
trained on it via puffer lib we help if
you get stuck um you know we have a a
very simple way that we tend to do
everything all these environments
they're implemented in C but it's very
very simple C uh and we have templates
and stuff that you can use uh like lots
of lots of
references um make stuff run really fast
get stuff working and then from there
you know you start picking up a lot of
the actual nitty-gritty of what goes
into RL Dev from that and uh you expand
out from there that's typically the way
that we run
things okay so
this get input is kind of weird
yeah that's totally redundant as well
that get input because look there's an
else here that sets it to a noop we can
get rid of
fine spacing is personal so I'm not
going to critique like spacing and stuff
unless it's unless it's
egregious and then you call linear lstm
so this the rest of this file is totally
fine and let's just make sure I haven't
broken
anything before we get into the heavier
side of editing this and you can see
this is good and if I hold shift I can
take over and control this guy and uh
you'll find very quickly that I'm
nowhere near as good at this game as
this neural net is not that bad at it
though yeah so there you go now the nurl
net takes over
what do you think of RL but the
environment is
interpreted trying to automate games
just from
frames uh the key thing at the moment at
the current scale is making stuff fast
so that's the main impediment like if
you think about it right
like if most of our LMS like atarian
whatever you are just playing by looking
at the images coming out of it um
um but making stuff fast is hard I don't
quite know if that's what you meant
um from a
video that might be like offliner
supervised that you're looking into
there I don't know exactly what you're
trying to
do okay so the nice thing is BET didn't
make a mess of this at least it's all in
1H file which I'm a fan
of
[Music]
it thought doesn't doesn't isn't there
like I MC
okay so I'm going to mess I'm going to
start messing with stuff and I'm going
to see if I break stuff I think this is
redundant because he's included
math let's see if I'm
right yeah so that goes that silly macro
goes
away unless there's some reason for that
you don't need to comment the name of
the
file uh standard lib standard bull
standard okay there's a lot of stuff in
here that I um I don't think you need
all of this we'll
see uh pound defines for constants is
fine you can use pound defined or like
const doesn't really
matter I don't mind doing stuff like
this as well this is
fine log
buffer width
height these are comments
let's get rid of this these are just
from old things that's fine I'm not
going to ding you for leaving old
uncommented
y I would like to get like some sort of
dead code finder to see which of these
are actually used because I suspect that
he's probably with an M that's been in
development for this long probably
there's some redundant stuff
yeah those are redundant I like this
this is fine magic numbers don't
straight so I mean I would do
this for
transitions it's
[Music]
fine that's just being pedantic
really okay so this is my login code
just with extra stuff added into it this
is
fine now the main thing now we're going
to get into real real
stuff which is going to be
whoops Ignore the random seg faults
that's just literally my uh my OS setup
being
screwy okay it's fine if I'm playing it
I'm not as good as the other thing uh
okay so we have
rendering struct game
really yeah what is the point of this is
what I would ask
okay so this is like the type of thing
where you introduce complexity for no
reason so you see you have this
rendering struct which has a ton of
stuff in it which you know we'll see if
you actually use all this right but then
if we go to client client is literally
width height and game State like you
don't need to Nest strs like this
right you don't need to Nest strs like
this at
all I'm trying to think if I want to
just like make changes to this as I see
fit maybe not without bet here
live I'll just do minor stuff um without
bet here live and he can watch this and
see from here
um so let's see what he's put into
here he's got spreite
sheet render
Target okay so background indices you
don't if you have something that is a
global
constant I believe this is what it is
right numb background
transitions background in
asset
bg0 okay no this is something different
this is
fine and how does he have so many damn
um how many so many things in
indices animation timer animation
interval
Mountain
[Music]
position yeah there's just a lot of
stuff in
here ah found
you this doesn't get
used you see this doesn't even get
even this one seems to use but it looks
like that in general some of the
complexity at least is coming from
having like unused dead variables and
those you know this is crazy look at the
amount of
stuff that is in the Enduro struct and
then again there's all this stuff in the
separation I think that might have
misunderstood what I meant by this
so client and uro star m game State okay
so it looks like what B was trying to do
here is I think he took one of my
comments and misinterpreted a little bit
I told him to make the uh the rendering
separate from the game but I think he
overdid it a little bit and he went and
tried to make most of these render
functions depend only on this game State
thing instead of on the environment
itself unless you're building a client
server architecture which wouldn't make
sense for like this at all we have to
have networked
communication um it's perfectly fine to
just read stuff out of the
environment uh for the renderer the only
thing that's not fine is the other way
around you can't be knitting like
rendering stuff when you're just running
the game
logic but you are allowed to use stuff
from the environment when you're running
the render actually let me start writing
bet some feedback here as well
riew excess black
is coming from
unused
variables uh that would
probably earlier in
death and either
manually uh
find remove stuff like this
or uh Google automated tools
else uh game State seems confused game
State
seems uh
State seems
confused I told you keep
render
separate
M Sim
s doesn't
mean this only
means can't render stuff in the Sim but
you can still
use M state from
render is often simpler to do so only
exception is if you're
designing
networked game
else
State client it's
[Applause]
redundant
get enemy
car
[Music]
so day transition
times just gets mem copied from
background transition
times around
constants
instance te it appears you have day
transition times which is getting mem
copy on
init from
back transition times you can just use
the constant and we need to copy it into
a
so these are just like small redundancy
that I'm finding in code that probably
add up to like a decent bit
of of cutable code here like I wouldn't
be surprised in a in a 20 a 2,000 line
or 2300 line file I wouldn't be
surprised if there's like 300 lines of
just this type of fluff that can be
removed and that's pretty normal um
especially for newer
programmers this type of stuff here I
actually don't mind this at
all it's totally
fine I don't mind just made an enum
that's totally
okay so you could use the initializer
syntax with all this stuff uh I don't
mind not using it as much
here but you could just use the
initializer Syntax for
everything
um gear acceleration rates cumulative
speed
I would have just pre-computed and
speed I would have just pre-computed and hardcoded this
hardcoded this
stuff gear speed increment
there's also some
redundant constant
logic that should just be precomputed
and
instance have gear
timings which is only used in
inet to
compute gear speed
R holds and gear acceleration
here at the least don't make gear
timings uh at the least just make year
timings a local variable and
don't in
struct or you could just hard code speed
thresholds
and
fine uh setting this to zero is
redundant
right take
time initializations to zero is
redundant those that for you similar
flies in several
places oh wait is he calling a net
in
nit wait so this is reset which calls in
it
you've
duplicated
ination init and
reset
values set stuff it only needs to be set
up once in nit do the rest in
reset okay so I didn't even see that so
that's like a huge block of redundancy
so if we're going to say that there're
like couple hundred lines at least of
redundancies and just like unused and
like small small scale fixes then there
are going to be more a lot more than
that in medium scale stuff like this
there's like no reason to do
this um yeah like look all this stuff is
duplicated right if I go from
here let me just make sure this is the
case yeah look he actually did duplicate
everything it's like the same function
done
Collision now we actually get into real
M logic
so we are 800 lines
in I believe in all we've done
is set up tons of
variables
right like some of this stuff here can
get pre-computed some of it doesn't need
to be
here
condense all this would be gone as well
so yeah we could save actually I think
we could save a couple hundred lines
just in the intros in the initial
stuff
um yeah you don't need these pred
declarations
either the function
[Music]
prototypes um
uh you declare things in order you use
away so yeah there's just tons of code
that can be saved
I actually don't even know reset
round reset round equals soft
reset so this gets called
okay so this doesn't even get
uh yeah he made two separate re set so
this could be
unified okay now let's start reading
actual
logic see if we have anything weird in
here check
Collision depth scale okay so this is
where he used float he used it for f Max
that's totally
fine car width equals car width time
scale that's
fine car X
position I mean comments like this don't
need to
exist
LF
LF yeah this is fine your current is
good we don't need this
width so these
are stalis you put these
here I think that's fairly standard
that's not me being
picky yeah that looks good like this as
well determine which of the three lanes
the player's car is
in does this comment tell you
anything I mean it's fine but I don't
like the function name just tells you
that right this didn't really
help like any literate person can look
at this and say oh look zero two cool
they're three
lanes X offset left Edge right Edge Lane
width
left Edge Lane
withd cool so it's just
uh I don't like the inline ifs but
they're kind of fine they're simple
enough that I don't I'm not going to
bother on it it's fine get car
scale the
hell look look you have this function
and you don't use
right finding get car scale but not
using it
car
okay there's a way to save lines of code
and there's a way to not not save lines
of code this doesn't do anything
right don't there just do that that's
fine you're the point of saving lines of
code is to not have redundant stuff it's
not to
compress like everything up into it's
not to golf it right I'm not like trying
to golf your code I'm just trying to get
rid of redundant stuff that makes stuff
muddy to
follow player Lane is get player Lane
fine furthest Lane why is that there
okay because it gets set up here that's
fine but then I would do this right i'
group
it um player Lanes get player Lane
possible
Lanes uh did I break chat hopefully
Wi-Fi is not broken
here uh
oh chat
chat extension is not loading so
hopefully it still works and still pops
up on the screen
here let me just actually review this
logic because I don't know if this makes
any
sense players in Middle
Lane decide based on players
then okay this is not as bad as I
thought this piece of logic is kind of
randomly select the
[Music]
lane spawn the last spawn Lane 30% of
the
time n the car
sure minimum
[ __ ] uh I mean
actually it's not that bad if you want
to do
it why does this look worse to me in C
than python it's probably just because
the lack of syntax highlighting I mean
at least like crop it though like man
holy hell if you're going to do that at
least do that
that honestly I would probably do one
per line since you're doing these inline
functions as well but
whatever
um car
Y what so why do you have this right
like why I don't understand why you
would do this where you would do like
this partial here
like am I stupid or they're like you
just do this
right if you're going to do it anyways
like
initialization
oh that's so weird
this Lane
is y the last
one pass yeah let's just do
yeah if you just look at stuff you'll
find redundancy all over the
place let's see what's this Dynamic
spacing
Factor okay
reversed
pattern
continue not hard
right reverse
conditional avoid stupidly deep
nesting generally I do uh I'll do this
it's doesn't really matter much that's
preference Ure not all not occupying all
Lanes within vertical
range of six car lengths
not is there a reason not to merge these
loops
cheaper I mean there's like potential to
merge these two Loops
right so I would look at that if I were
writing
this this is
silly
whatever and and then this is spawn the
car cool update time of
day wait what the hell is this so update
time of
day total duration
times how is there a while loop in here
while less than
15 a lapse
time greater than equal
2 oh
that's a weird way of
doing that's a really bizarre way of
doing logic
there daytime index yeah that's very
very
speed this is not a validate function my
friend this is a clamp function you
literally wrote a comment here
how much does this get
called yeah we just
call
speed see how simple that is and then
you don't need you don't need to have a
comment the function name tells you what
the function
does there you
go still works just like it does
before validate
gear
gear do I need to tell
it cap
speed to gear threshold
whatever there's some redundancy that
look there looks like there is some
redundancy in here as well right
here this is generally
fine okay now we get to the big
function big
function first of all it is completely
fine to have a function this long
which you will
see there's absolutely no problem with
having a function that
long at least not
inherently now we will see whether it is
confused uh or not
positions are they always just able to
move like
this they can't hit
you that seems buggy
I not just get in front of one of these
guys and then
through h i
disappeared like the car
disappeared oh did you see that it just
phased through
me that's
funny so there seem like there are
potentially some some ACH Shenanigans
going on
here yeah they
so I don't like that this has been
golfed with these like on line
um I also just generally don't like
switch statements without a good reason
for them I highly doubt this is
contributing anything to the speed up of
having the switch be a lookup
table highly doubt it with all the other
floating Point stuff you're doing like
no
way I will leave I'd leave this this
isn't like
egregious the golfing is kind of
dumb you're also starting to indent to
the point where you could consider
sticking this into a move or
whatever but I generally this is fine
otherwise okay so we have an
else where's
this okay so that's that's not okay
you can't have stuff that's indented
wrong like that that's just
confusing like what the hell does this
even do
welcome currently we're code
reviewing uh
Enduro H perf Enduro submitted by
bet type reinforcement learning in
twitch and this came up this is high
performance reinforcement learning Dev
with puffer lib we are currently
reviewing bets in Duro
environment which looks just like the
classic Atari game but runs like a
thousand times faster this is no hams
this is uh a superhuman neuronet policy
playing it right now in
PRC and uh we are currently looking
through the environment code and getting
some feedback for bet on General
improvements to development practices
logic and the
like if you are un familiar with puffer
Li you can join the Discord it's
discord.gg puffer got a ton of people
building hyperf RL environments in there
a lot of and starting to get a lot of
cool science side work as
well okay come on but what is this you
can't you don't like gulp your code
right you do
this and then what is this is M
Collision car vers is this the same
logic here that's just do
duplicated uh we use po for pretty much
everything working on P at working
looking yeah I mean puffer is great for
you then we do uh like RL at a million
steps a second we've got PO with or
without lstms baselines on like a dozen
different high performance environments
uh really nice hyper parameter sweep
integration we pretty much got
everything you would want in that
department uh we also do packages for
companies as well though all of our code
is free and open source so you're more
than welcome to just poke around and
start using it for work as
well I just stream all the velopment
because people watch it and why
not drift towards furthest Road Edge
okay that's
interesting I didn't know Enduro does
that that's cool
one this is a little dense but
generally not terrible
drift distance per
step yeah okay so a little odd not
welcome can I just like point at
people's view yeah can I say like yeah I
can do like this hey welcome
a little odd because the camera is
mirrored I should fix that I also have
to fix I've had some ethernet driver
issue so if the stream crashes then
it'll be back up in a
minute enemy
cars what's this
so this is just checking for empty lanes
this is just figuring out what cars are
lanes are
empty is Lane empty
fine give a reward if the player's Lane
is empty in front
Okay that's reasonable
horizontal position
ratio don't know what that
is vanishing
point vanishing point based on current
curve
after curve shift there's wiggle
logic but what is this let me
see curve so that's fine uh we go
logic
Max okay there's some function for this
cool reset
wiggle that's a short little block
that's fine
speed
minus M Speed minus Min
clamping handle collision between player
and Road edges
okay uh this is indented wrong
right why is this double
indented wait is this
hold
[Music]
weird remove offscreen cars that move
below the screen ah so that's why if you
back up it's not a consistent that's
Loops but I'm not going to be too harsh
on this because it looks like you were
trying to reduce the number of checks
going on
if car is behind the
player all right don't put non UTF
8 I don't put like non- asky characters
in here like what is this come
n so this whole like logic is duplicated
as well
uh and this is just stuff that I've
caught as
duplicated hey that guy how's it
um providing bad math
very
good I just
do yeah wow whatever that's fine let's
do something like I don't really care
how you cut stuff up as long as you
do if you need uh input on that project
by the way I can do that later
today I'm trying to clean up a bunch of
contributor and puffer Affiliated
projects
um cars
passed lot more free over next week
sounds
good car pass no crash
make sure we haven't broken anything yet
so I've made a good number of little
changes here and there without breaking
anything it
seems I haven't gone as crazy as I could
but I've given him at least some stuff
to work with
here um I think that's a good thing I
make some changes and leave some others
to
Min spawn
interval
okay holy what is
this update enemy spawn timer
yeah this is where breaking this into a
separate function would let you do an
early return here so this is
like yeah this is where like a separate
function would just give you an early
return here so you wouldn't have this so
nested cuz this is kind of
silly digging around in puffer Li looks
great so far let me know if you had any
issues I pretty much stream all the dev
so we also have a lot of demos on puff.
there's docs um recently we released 20
so huge huge amount of new stuff in
there it's probably like the fastest
growing RL library at this point
it's a code review for a 2000 line
environment that he spent like least a
month on so
yeah hey
bet I got to go to the gym in like half
hour but I will uh I'm going to finish
this review we can chat after
though bye % of absolute
numbers I think overall I mean maybe
other than torch RL which is backed by
meta I haven't seen any other RL
projects growing faster than
percentage or like some like reason
reasonable combination of the two I
don't
know I'm working on the notes I'll send
these in a bit when I'm finished
I don't care about the magic numbers I
care about uh duplicated magic numbers
and redundancy more than anything magic
numbers are not bad if they're like if
they're there once
it's
[Music]
fine yeah I think the main thing is just
the early return there and that's fine
otherwise
different top what do you mean the top
down approach
fine funny you don't compute OBS here up
there a lot of behavior that wasn't
necessarily easy to
plan yeah that's normal that's just
that's true of any substantial
application
but you don't plan you don't just plan
everything from the top down that's not
how programming
Works people try to do that they fail
miserably and then they end up rewriting
it five times
anyways coding is an iterative
process you
plan from the ground up I mean I think
some I do some thinking about like the
data structures and what not that I'm
going to be using to represent the game
um and I think some about that but from
the most part I just start implementing
stuff in the simplest way possible and
iterate look remarkably
different tried to plan everything from
the get-go when I first started program
just Wast yeah exactly it's a balance
you do think about like data structures
and stuff um you think about data
structures a little bit and like core I
mean stuff like the Moa like the mixed
discreet continuous representation I had
to think about a little bit stuff like
that
okay so this is mostly fine here um
let's look at compute OBS this is an
important function very important
function most OBS normalize 0 to
one xorm
yorm yeah but that that's not the main
problem it's not a design problem this
is like most of the things I'm
mentioning here could be iteratively
refactored there's nothing like
fundamentally wrong in the design of
your environment it's just a bunch of
things that need to be polished as
all is lstm backend in RL for the time
Dimension yes it do or does it work for
keeping and updating a representation
over 100 plus
steps uh isn't that the same thing so
the effective Horizon of your lstm
is going to depend on a lot of things
um mostly the size of the
lstm uh and the amount of training that
you've done on it but lstm is typically
the standard in RL and it has been I
mean it's been it was used to solve DOTA
if that tells you anything and they did
a test that it could remember like a few
minutes back worth of gameplay
speed awesome in my project I use a
batch of T5
steps you didn't do a CNN like
thing T minus 5 is that T5 the
Transformer or T
minus5 oh I think you're just referring
to
stacking yeah we do uh we do lstm over
stacking yeah yeah we do lstm over
stacking by default because we have a
fast lstm implementation uh in most
repositories they have slow lstm
implementations in our case usually the
lstm will just be faster and will be
fine uh for five steps the lstm should
also like just be able to remember that
no problem
I'd give it a try it's lstm is really
easy in puffer it's a oneline rapper
Edition uh to try lstm versus no lstm
and
puffer stacking is a lot more overhead
for smaller sequential yeah stacking
does give you a lot of overhead as well
memory overhead there are ways around
that uh that guy but they're a little
Annoying to implement like lazy frame
Stu stuff they're a little Annoying to
implement and you still end up
materializing the extra frames most of
the time um so yeah it's not
great okay so this gets recomputed like
five different times
but playable area right playable area
left
do a
better
job crashing con stamps
right I've thought about doing
exponentially timed spaced frame Stacks
in the
past uh where is
this e
thing this why did he upload it to this
garbage
website well if you can get it off of
here oh no here it
is
yeah you
see this is in uh 2016 I believe
this
4 we were doing this for like random
language modeling
stuff so there you
go must not have been very well we
didn't we like the Frameworks and
everything
reasonable you get have like a really
hairy compute graph as all so like you'd
probably have to implement a kernel for
it I don't know if anybody really gave
it enough of a good try I think that the
thing that was better was just uh using
the lstm at different frequencies
instead of using skip
connections so instead of using
exponentially time Stacks you just do
exponential like brand ing or
whatever that was before I did RL that
was language modeling
so yeah this is mostly pretty simple and
pretty fine
actually the way that you have this bed
is a lot more amenable to an intentional
style architecture interestingly
enough but it seems like it just works
with a flat
one well you've designed an OBS that is
amenable to attentional style
architectures like attention over cars
or
whatever
but I it's not being used that way at
the moment I
know you can look at the GPU Drive
architector actually it's kind of you
kind of did something similar to like
the GPU drive has an architecture for
that
um curve okay and then we're going to
have like this
stuff and this should be pretty
fast cuz there's nothing super expensive
in
here I this is like the third time I've
seen this piece of logic is Lane empty
is definitely
located and then Norm distance a
car update Road
curve yeah so this is the obnoxious math
that you had to do I'm sure um
it's mainly just how all the code is
faced and laid out with the really long
variable names uh and the giant line
lengths generally what I'll do is I'll
like if I have like a piece of math
right there's a reason that
mathematicians have short variable names
I'll like Alias everything and then just
write the math
fine yeah it's fine to have a piece of
math like this this is fine
code review for endur yeah that's what
we're doing Spencer the reason they use
short variable
names well it's also just like you end
up with stuff you can actually freaking
read
um there's a spot there's a place for
long variable names and there's a place
where you absolutely don't want long
variable
names you know this is fine for this
this is fine I'm not going to come this
is actually one of the the better things
in here this is totally
set that's fine swear I've seen this
piece of logic before but that's fine
okay and that's all the logic so now we
just have to do I got like another 15
minutes to do the
renderer uh Malik
client all right so the thing that I
already said and I already put in here
is that the client doesn't need to have
game state in it you can just like
flatten all of that um Cent not
null I personally don't bother doing
this check
um if you know if you call free on
something that's already been freed
that's your fault and the address
sanitizer should catch
that yeah best practice my ass
look maybe if you're developing the
Linux kernel then where like then
sure um here you just like if you double
free then you you go figure that out
whatever
okay yeah you literally would have to
close it twice right and if you close it
twice then I'd rather get the error and
be like hey you know at least with I'd
rather get the seg fold or the whatever
exactly okay so a bunch of the stuff
that you're zeroing calic zero is for
you so that doesn't do
if the reason for anything is ever
because it's best practice that's just
like because that's like saying because
I say so right that doesn't [ __ ] mean
anything a welcome YouTube folks welcome
twitch folks finishing up code review
for Enduro
here this is is BET's high
performance uh oops high performance
version of the classic guara game with a
superhuman neural network running it
right now there you
go let's
see um what else
here asset Mountain Z plus I game State
Mountain indust
I oh I
see yeah but you the way you did this is
a little screwy
okay Mountain
like this literally just gets used here
right so you don't need all this stuff
right you can just do you could have
made this an
array but like instead of having this
redundant enum right like Mountain
indices this you could have just made
Mountain
indices um like a struct up at the top
or whatever right
well no you did both right you added it
to the game State and you dynamically
initialize it from a bunch of
redundant from like this asset Mountain
zero and then a whole bunch of redundant
like actually the way you did it isn't
terrible except for the fact that you
defined all these redundant ones as well
like do you use asset digits all
this look you don't use this either
uh yes that guy remind me right before I
end stream and I will try to remember to
do that before I run out can you please
try to figure out like logging wise why
these boxes are crashing though um cuz I
really shouldn't
be yeah but they're not this enum isn't
used bet you use the digits you don't
use the enum look there's this isn't
used
anywhere not used it so most of these
are completely unused so basically you
just need to have you just need to have
the offset right if anything you just
need the offsets but then that's a
little sketchy so I see why you wanted
to Define all of them but instead of
doing either of these things you could
have just defined an array you could
have just defined your static array of
indices and been
done but like the only reason that you
have to avoid the Jank at all is because
you didn't just Define them as arrays
like you could have just done like asset
Mountain indices and you could have just
made that zero to 15 or like 16 to
whatever this is 16 plus 15 31 um and
then same thing for digits like this
could have been like three or four lines
with nothing redundant and you would
have been good so stuff like this for
sure I know you use this the pointer
right it's the start but like look at
what you're doing here you basically
like you're defining you're defining a
constant at run time as what you're
doing like for whatever reason you've
decided to in like have this initialized
content at run
time so you end up with the overhead of
all the enums and still this extra
initializer logic
scoreboard that's funny that it rolls
over like that
okay these
nested uh that's kind of legit actually
right that's
fine render
background under
scoreboard this you do expect to have a
little bit of complexity because it's
animated with scrolling effect
yeah so that's fine this is like a fine
amount of logic for a scroll effect
um digit moving up render next digit
coming from below yep that looks
good good job with
that day number
label
oh why is
this in render
scoreboard project looks very
big what all of puffer lib or this
Enduro game
I think bet if you actually refactor
this this will be like at least 500
lines less based on all the stuff I've
shown
yeah it's just kind of fiddly there're
like a lot of like random little things
to match
Victory
effects okay come on
BET
right did you code
everything uh bet has coded hopefully
everything and hopefully has not had
chat Che PT implementing substantial
blocks of
this
yeah no I will be the one thing is I
will be substantially pissed off if
people ask me to review code for them
written by like that they didn't even
write
um yeah chat GPT cannot implement this
what does puffer do ultra high
performance reinforcement learning with
a nice large suite of first-party
environments that we have written that
are also Ultra performant and fast so
you can test your reinforcement learning
algorithms methods whatever uh very very
fast you can apply them to a wide range
of problems Prov nice compatibility
tools provides hyper pram sweep
integration generally makes the whole
area of reinforcement learning much less
painful and much
interesting that's
fine didn't understand
anything uh puffer doai is the website
if you want to check out some of the
demos copy okay so bet this is the thing
I you don't have to do this like
copy M State game
State not needed this level of
Separation slows down
adant yeah so bet I was saying this
earlier on the stream I think that you
misinterpreted
what I was telling you originally when I
told you to get the render logic out of
the game state it was like you shouldn't
be doing rib or client anything when
you're just running the game and not
rendering right but the other way around
is not true you're allowed to use the
environment state from the renderer and
we do this for literally like every
single M if you look at like all the
different Ms right every single one that
has substantial State that's how I do it
um cuz this is just added like extra
with all the Redundant stuff in game
State extra 100 lines of code extra 20
lines of copies doesn't do anything for
you at all yeah so but before what you
were doing is you had you had like
render logic and like raid stuff being
loaded with the uh with the game State I
think this was back this was back before
you'd even trained at all right this was
when like you literally couldn't even
make an instance of your environment
without starting stting like rib in it
and stuff um so that's what I meant by
separate them you took it to an extreme
and you tried to write something that
looks a lot more like a client server
architecture that you would use in a
multiplayer online game that level of
separation is not needed and is going to
add like a bunch of redundant stuff um
yeah he said
so like try to think about like why I
tell you to do this stuff right so the
reason is that like the rendering is
separate from the game logic right the
rendering is on top of the game but that
doesn't mean that it has to have a copy
of everything from the game that's used
for rendering the only time you need
that is when like you're communicating
packets of data over the internet and
you need to render from those packets
and then reconstruct a state locally
like what you do in an online game if
you're not doing that there's absolutely
no reason to have that architecture
because it just makes stuff more complex
and doesn't buy you
anything about to get into rhf but for
lm's alignment next month very new to AI
ml I hope you have some compute because
that's a uh expensive area to be working
in
yeah so this game State bet can just be
like this can be en or this can be
client comma and like doesn't
okay I also preferentially I typically
put client constants like with the
client code instead of all the way the
top that's kind of just
preference um not big
deal okay so this
is you figured this
rearranging yeah I you shouldn't have to
rearrange it should not be that
bad a deep seek research Arch still had
2, H2 200s I don't know if you have that
personally I certainly don't we've got
like 9490 so
there I wanted it to be
indented that's
all no seriously don't just have random
ass in dents
in 15 bill is still gigantic for
embedded
devices most of it is python
indentation no look you had it like this
dude you had this for Loop starting here
and then randomly un indenting and this
is still in the for Loop
I mean you're not even in Vim right you
you have an IDE the IDE should yell at
you for
that and then yeah using a buffer is
fine for uh for scaling because I told
you this like way I told you to do this
like way late so this is totally fine
good
job okay that is full review of
stuff um let me make sure it
builds does build everything looks
totally good
what do you mean python indentation for
C it's the same thing
man it's no this is C indentation it's
the same thing you just indent the code
below your for loops and conditionals
like this is not me doing python style
and C the only thing I do that's python
style and C is uh I'm used to snake case
now so I mostly do
that
but
it's only a matter of preference within
a certain margin you indebt the ship
below your loops and conditionals
okay so I'm going to merge this
PR um and
then I'm going to send you this
feedback so here's your
feedback
uh PR this to
[Music]
so yeah and this still trains perfect so
um I only did maybe like a quarter of
the changes that I saw that you can
watch the VOD if you want full details I
also put a lot of it in the comments I
think you could I think at least they're
like 500 lines more than there need to
be in this environment at the very least
um
up to you whether you want to spend the
time refactoring but yeah this could be
substantially streamlined if you want to
do it I think it's generally like a
pretty good thing for you to do just
like
learning uh just code improvements in
general um up to you if you want to
spend time doing that versus writing new
stuff I will review blastar either
tonight or tomorrow or whenever uh I'm
going to go to the gym for now unless
you have any pressing questions
and I will be back streaming in the
afternoon for folks on YouTube and
twitch all the stuff is free and open
source lots of people contributing new
environments uh please start the GitHub
repo that helps me out a ton and it's
free all our stuff's on puffer DOI as
well Discord x uh all that all of our
demos you can play them right here and
watch Agents play them these are all you
know clickable you have all these demos
and you can get all our code on puffer
here too
so if there's nothing else then thanks
folks and I will be back in h two 3
hours after